X11 Based Tetris / Version 2.4

INSTALLATION

1. Make sure you have X11 release 4, and make sure that "xmkmf" is in your
   path somewhere (probably at /usr/bin/X11/xmkmf).

2. Edit the switches at the top of Imakefile as necessary.

3. I assume you want to use your installed libraries and include
   files.  So type

      xmkmf
      make depend

   If you don't have "xmkmf" (this seems almost impossible, if you have
   X11R4), hack up the Makefile included with the source.

4. Install it.

      (become root or something)
      make install

5. Now, if you get bored with playing the game, you can look in the file
   TODO, for a list of things Dan wanted to put in, but didn't because he
   wanted to get back to simulated annealing and VLSI placement
   (his PhD topic).  This was just a little diversion.  

   If you do anything listed in the "TODO" file, please send your changes
   to dgreen@cs.ucla.edu.

6. If you fix ANYTHING, please send a diff file to me.  The address:

     dgreen@cs.ucla.edu

WHODUNNIT

  This version of xtetris has accumulated the work of several individuals.

  Adam Marguilies <vespa@ssyx.ucsc.edu> wrote the first non-graphics version.

  Phill Everson <everson@cs.bris.ac.uk> and Martyn Shortley 
  <shortley@cs.bris.ac.uk> posted a later non-graphics version of tetris to
  comp.sources.games in March 1989. 

  Didier Tallot <tallot@bdblues.altair.fr> built an X11 graphics xtetris from
  the non-graphics tetris around 29 May, 1989.  It used the unsupported 
  Xw (HP) widget set.

Xtetris 2.0 and 2.1:

  Dan Greening <dgreen@cs.ucla.edu> rewrote much of the xtetris code to
    a. Eliminate use of the unsupported Xw widget set, and use Xaw.
    b. Speed up drawing, and legality calculations.
    c. Move format, color specifications, key bindings, button bindings,
       and other parameters into the "application defaults" file.
    d. Make appropriate buttons appear when usable and disappear when unusable.
    e. Use X11R4.
  
  Janet L. Carson added assignable colors for the objects, and supplied a
  black/white application defaults file.

Xtetris 2.2: 

  Bill Kucharski and Tony Cooper fixed a couple of bugs.  Chris Thewalt 
  merged the color and b/w files.

  Dan Greening sped up the drawing code even more.

Xtetris 2.3:

  Greg Rogers added the (scary!) speed option.  If you have a high speed 
  machine, like an IBM RS-6000, just try to run it with -speed 100.
  Dan Greening fixed minor bugs.

Xtetris 2.4:

  Evan Harris fixed a long-standing memory leak (caused by a bug in
  asciiTextWidgets).  Many thanks.

WHERE WILL IT RUN

  The current version, 2.4, has been tested on color IBM RS-6000s
  using an X11R3 server and X11R4 libraries, color and b/w Sparcstations,
  color RTs running Unix 4.3, and a color HPUX 6.5 9000/350.  It REQUIRES X11 
  release 4 libraries and include files.  It should run on any
  processor which has these installed.

