You can view and choose from any menu in three ways using the menu
mouse button:
		Press-drag-release
		Click-move-click
		Pin-the-menu

Using Press-Drag-Release:

	To use press-drag release, press MENU, drag the pointer to
	the control you want, and release MENU. If you do not want
	to choose an item, move the pointer off the menu and release
	the mouse button.

Using Click-Move-Click:

	To use click-move-click, click MENU. The menu is displayed
	and stays on the screen. Move the pointer to the control you
	want and click SELECT or MENU. The control is executed and
	the menu is dismissed. If you do not want to choose a control,
	move the pointer off the menu and click SELECT or MENU to
	dismiss the menu.

Using the Pushpin:

	To pin up any menu that has a pushpin, press MENU and drag
	the pointer to the pushpin. When the pin pops into the hole,
	release MENU. The menu becomes a pop-up window, and you
	choose from it in the same way you use controls in the
	control area of a window:
		Click SELECT to choose a control. The pinned menu
		remains on the screen until you dismiss it. To
		dismiss a pinned menu, move the pointer to the
		pushpin and click SELECT. 

Changing the Default Setting:

	Each menu in a menu group has a default setting, which is
	shown by a default ring. You can change the default setting
	for any menu using the steps below:
		1) Press MENU to display the menu. To change the
		   default for a submenu, drag the pointer into
		   the submenu.
		2) Press the default modifier key (continue pressing
		   MENU).
		3) Drag the pointer from control to control. The default
		   ring follows the pointer.
		4) When the default ring is on the control you want to
		   use as the default, release MENU and then release
		   the modifier key.

You can press and release the DEFAULT modifier key at any time, either
before or after you press MENU. If you release the modifier key first
and then release MENU, in addition to setting the default, the command
is executed.
