Use the OK button stack to apply properties that you have changed to the
selection in one of four possible ways:

	Apply - To apply the settings in all categories to the selection.

	Reset - To reset the settings for the properties window to the
		values for the original selection in all categories.

These same choices are also available on the Settings menu that you
access from the properties window pane by pressing MENU. Click SELECT
on the OK button stack to use the OK menu default. Click or press MENU
on the OK button stack to display the OK menu. When the properties
window is not pinned up, the properties window is dismissed after
the changes are applied. You can view and choose from the OK menu
in three ways using the MENU mouse button:

		Press-Drag-Release
		Click-Move-Click
		Pinning the Window menu to the workspace

Using Press-Drag-Release:

	To use press-drag release, move the pointer to the OK button
	stack, press MENU, drag the pointer to the control you want,
	and release MENU. If you do not want to choose a control,
	move the pointer off the menu and release the mouse button.

Using Click-Move-Click:

	To use click-move-click, move the pointer to the OK button
	stack and click MENU. The OK menu is displayed and stays on
	the screen. Move the pointer to the control you want and click
	SELECT or MENU. The control is executed and the menu is
	dismissed.  If you do not want to choose a control, move the
	pointer off the menu and click SELECT or MENU to dismiss the
	menu without choosing a control.

Using the Pushpin:

	To pin up the OK menu, move the pointer to the OK button
	stack, press MENU, and drag the pointer to the pushpin.
	When the pin pops into the hole, release MENU. The OK menu
	becomes a pop-up window, and you choose from it in the same
	way you use controls in the control area of a window: click
	SELECT to use a button.

Changing the Default Setting:

	Each menu in a menu group has a default setting, which is
	shown by a default ring. You can change the default setting
	for any menu using the steps below:

Press the default modifier key and MENU:

	Drag the pointer from control to control. The default ring follows
	the pointer. When the default ring is on the control you want to
	use as the default, release MENU and then release the modifier
	key.

	If you release the modifier key first and then release MENU, in
	addition to setting the default, the command is executed.
