You use the pop-up Window menu to dismiss selected pop-up windows,
to move them to the back of the workspace, to refresh windows,
and to locate the base window that owns the pop-up windows.
You can view and choose from menus in three ways using the
MENU mouse button:

		Press-Drag-Release
		Click-Move-Click
		Pinning the Window menu to the workspace

Using Press-Drag-Release:

	To use press-drag release, move the pointer to the pop-up
	window background, press MENU, drag the pointer to the
	control you want, and release MENU. To see the menu under
	the Dismiss button stack, drag the pointer onto the right
	half of the button stack. To use the default setting,
	release MENU. To use a different setting, drag the pointer
	is on the control you want in the Dismiss submenu and release
	MENU. The control is executed and the menu is dismissed. If
	you do not want to choose a control, move the pointer off the
	menu and release the mouse button.

Using Click-Move-Click:

	To use click-move-click, move the pointer to the pop-up
	window background and click MENU. The menu is displayed
	and stays on the screen. Move the pointer to the control
	you want and click SELECT or MENU. The control is executed
	and the menu is dismissed. If you do not want to choose a
	control, move the pointer off the menu and click SELECT or
	MENU to dismiss the menu without choosing a control.

Using the Pushpin To pin up the menu:

	Press MENU and drag the pointer to the pushpin. When the
	pin pops into the hole, release MENU. The menu becomes a
	pop-up window, and you choose from it in the same way you
	use controls in the control area of a window:
		click SELECT to use a button or execute the
		default choice from the menu under a button
		stack, move the pointer to a button stack
		and press MENU to display the button stack menu.

Changing the Default Setting:

	Each menu in a menu group has a default setting, which is
	shown by a default ring. You can change the default setting
	for any menu using the steps below:

		Press the default modifier key and MENU

		Drag the pointer from control to control. The default
		ring follows the pointer.

When the default ring is on the control you want to use as the default,
release MENU and then release the modifier key.

If you release the modifier key first and then release MENU, in addition
to setting the default, the command is executed.
