The title area (window header), contains the application name and in most
cases either a window menu button or a pushpin.  

The window manager provides these decorations, as well as a border and
resize corners. The amount of decorations that the window manager
provides depends on the type of window, and is often determined by the
application that owns the window.

In the window header, the user can operate on a control provided by the
window manager (a pushpin or window menu button), pop up the window
menu, select a window, or move a window.

The Window Menu Button: Using Menus

     The window menu button is used to pop up the window menu.
     The following applies to any menu button, including the
     window menu button.

     Menus contain items or settings. You can view and choose
     from any OPEN LOOK UI menu in two ways using the MENU
     mouse button:

                Press-drag-release
                Click-move-click (Stay-up mode)

     To use press-drag-release, move the pointer over the window menu
     button and press MENU. The window menu appropriate for the window
     is displayed. When you drag the pointer onto a control in the menu,
     the default ring is displayed. When you drag the pointer onto a
     control, it highlights. When you drag the pointer from control to
     control, the highlighting follows the pointer. When the pointer is
     on the control you want, release MENU. The control is activated and
     the menu is dismissed (popped down). When an item has a menu mark
     (an open triangle), that item has a submenu with additional items.
     Releasing MENU when an item with a menu mark is highlighted
     activates the default from the submenu. To display a submenu for an
     item that has a menu mark, drag the pointer to the right. Drag the
     pointer to the left to dismiss the submenu while leaving the
     original menu displayed. If you do not want to choose an item from
     a menu or a submenu, move the pointer off the menu and release the
     MENU mouse button.


     To use click-move-click, click MENU while the pointer is over the
     menu button. The menu appropriate for the window is displayed and
     stays on the screen (stay-up mode). You do not need to keep pressing
     the MENU button. Move the pointer to the control you want to choose.  
     Click SELECT or MENU to activate the control. The control is executed
     and the menu is dismissed. If you do not want to choose a control,
     move the pointer off the menu and click SELECT or MENU to dismiss
     the menu. Clicking SELECT on an item that has a menu mark will either
     pop up the menu in stay-up mode, or execute the default from the
     submenu, depending on the current setting. Clicking MENU on an item
     that has a menu mark displays the submenu.

     Depending on the current setting for menus, clicking SELECT on the
     window menu button will either pop up the window menu in stay-up
     mode or execute the default window menu item. Pressing select on
     the window menu button will pop up the window menu in
     press-drag-release mode.

     Further information may be obtained by moving the pointer over a
     window menu button and pressing HELP. Further information on window
     menu operations may be obtained by posting the window menu, and
     asking for help on the window menu pane.

Pushpin

     Use the pushpin to pin up a pop-up window for continued access.
     Move the pointer to an unpinned pushpin and click SELECT to push
     the pin in the hole. Click SELECT on a pinned pushpin to pop it
     out of the hole and dismiss the pop-up window.

     When the pop-up window is displayed in an unpinned state, the
     pop-up window is automatically dismissed the next time you click
     SELECT on an action button in that window. If you want to dismiss
     the window without issuing a command, click SELECT on the pushpin
     to pin the window, and then click SELECT to dismiss the window.

     On many systems there is a mouseless (keyboard) command to toggle
     (pin and unpin) the pushpin.

Selecting and Moving Windows and Icons

     You can select a window by moving the pointer to somewhere in the
     title area away from a window control (not over a window menu
     button or pushpin) and clicking SELECT. A selected window indicates
     its state by displaying a thickened border and (in 3-D mode) a
     depressed header. Once a window is selected, the window menu
     operations (Close/Open, Full/Restore, Move, Resize, Back, Refresh,
     Dismiss) can be performed on them by using the appropriate key
     combination. This provides an alternative to the use of a mouse
     when performing window operations - it is not necessary to post
     the window menu to perform a window manager operation on a window
     if a key combination exists that performs the same task. Upon
     execution of this specific key combination, the window manager
     performs the operation on the selected window or icon.

     You select an icon by moving the pointer onto the icon and clicking
     select. Windows can also be selected by clicking select somewhere
     on the border.

     It can be acted on by window manager mouseless operations. To move
     a window, press SELECT while the pointer is over the title area
     (not the window menu button or pushpin) and drag the pointer. To
     move an icon, press select while the pointer is over the icon and
     drag the pointer.

     Other mouseless (keyboard) operations exist for performing window
     manager operations on selected windows or icons:

          MENU:  Post the window menu for the selected window or icon.
          NEXTWINDOW:  Select the next window in an application.
          PREVWINDOW:  Select the previous window in an application.
          NEXTAPPLICATION:  Select a window in the next application on
			    the screen.
          PREVAPPLICATION:  Select a window in the previous application
			    on the screen.
