You can use the window manager to resize any window on the workspace
that has resize corners. The window can be resized within the
constraints set by the application. A window can be resized with
the mouse, keyboard, or a combination of the two. Resize a window
by pressing SELECT on the mouse with the pointer on a resize corner
and dragging it, or by selecting the Resize button on the Window
menu and using a combination of the keyboard and mouse to resize
the window.

Mouse Operation Only:

	Press SELECT on the resize corner of a window. When the
	pointer is dragged, a bounding box is displayed showing
	the outline of the window, and the pointer changes to
	the PAN pointer. The bounding box will shrink or expand
	depending on the overall direction of mouse movement,
	and the size constraints placed on the window by the
	client application. When the bounding box is at the size
	you want the window to be, release SELECT. The window will
	resize to the exact size and location of the bounding box
	and the pointer will revert back to the default
	OPEN LOOK cursor.

Keyboard (and Mouse) Operation:

	Enter the window manager "Resize Window" mode in any of
	the following ways:

		Press MENU over the window header or
		border of any window with resize corners,
		displaying the Window menu. Drag the pointer
		to the Resize button on the Window menu and
		release MENU.
	OR
		Press SELECT over the window menu button of
		a window's header, depressing the Window Menu
		Button and displaying the Window Menu. Drag the
		pointer to the Resize button such that the
		Resize button is depressed, and release SELECT.
	OR
		If the SelectDoesPreview feature is set to TRUE
		and the default window menu item for a window is
		the Resize button on the Window menu, click SELECT
		on the Window menu button.
	OR
		If the SelectDoesPreview feature is set to FALSE,
		click SELECT on the Window menu button, and
		proceed to click SELECT on the Resize button of
		the Window menu.
	OR
		Select the window either by clicking SELECT on
		the window header, or by traversing to the window
		with the keyboard using the NEXTAPP, PREVAPP,
		NEXTWIN or PREVWIN keys. When the window is
		selected, it becomes the window where all window
		manager keyboard operations are directed to.
		A selected window is evident by the thickened
		black border present around the window frame.

	Once selected, use the Resize Window keyboard accelerator
	(default is Alt+F8) to activate the Window Menu Resize button.

	Once in "Resize Window" mode, the pointer changes to the PAN
	curosr, and you can use the mouse or the arrow keys on the
	keyboard to expand or compress a bounding box that represents
	the window. When the bounding box is at the size you want the
	window to be, either click SELECT, or press the DROP or
	DEFAULTACTION keys on the keyboard.

	Once started, the Resize Window operation can be aborted at
	any time by pressing the CANCEL key on the keyboard. If the
	CANCEL key is pressed during the Resize operation, the
	bounding box will disappear and the window will remain in
	its original position. Also, the pointer will revert back
	to the default OPEN LOOK cursor.

Resize Window: Using the keyboard:

	When entering "Resize Window" mode, the pointer warps to
	the center of the window. To resize a window larger: To make
	the window larger in the vertical (up or down) or horizontal
	(left or right) direction, use the arrow keys.  For example,
	to enlarge the window downward, use the DOWN key. The first
	time the DOWN key is pressed, the pointer will warp to the
	lower border and the bounding box will start expanding
	downward. To enlarge the window upward, left, or right,
	use the appropriate arrow key to start the operation.
	Only two borders can be moved during any single Resize
	operation, one in each of the vertical or horizontal
	direction. Therefore, if the first horizontal direction
	key used is the LEFT arrow key, then the left border
	(and not the right) can be expanded out or compressed
	in with the LEFT and RIGHT keys during this operation.
	During the same operation if the UP arrow is the first
	vertical direction key used, then the upper border
	(and not the lower border) can be expanded upward or
	compressed downward with the UP and DOWN arrow keys.
	To resize a window smaller:  To make a window smaller
	in the vertical (ip or down) or horizontal (left or right)
	direction, use the arrow keys. For example, to resize the
	window smaller from the left border inward, start the Resize
	operation by pressing the LEFT arrow key, temporarily
	expanding the left border outward and enlarging the window.
	Follow this action by repeatedly pressing the RIGHT arrow
	key, thus dragging the left border inward.  The same
	principal applies to resizing a window smaller in the
	vertical direction: to resize the window from the upper
	border downward, make your first vertical key used the
	UP key, and follow this by repeatedly pressing
	the DOWN key.

Resize Window Mode "Timeout" Feature:

	Once in the Resize Window mode as entered through the
	Window menu's Resize button, if neither the keyboard
	nor the mouse are used to affect the size of the
	bounding box for an extended period of time, the
	operation will be terminated by the window manager,
	with the same action as when the user presses
	the DROP key.
