You use the Window menu to open icons and close windows to an icon,
to change the area of the window between an application- specified
full size and the window size you choose, to set application properties,
to move the window to the back of the workspace, to refresh the window,
and to quit the application.

You can view and choose from the Window menu in three ways using the
MENU mouse button:

		Press-Drag-Release
		Click-Move-Click
		Pinning the Window menu to the workspace

Using Press-Drag-Release:

	To use press-drag release, move the pointer to the window
	background (header, footer, or border without a scrollbar),
	press MENU, drag the pointer to the control you want, and
	release MENU. If you do not want to choose a control, move
	the pointer off the menu and release the mouse button.

Using Click-Move-Click:

	To use click-move-click, move the pointer to the window
	background and click MENU. The Window menu is displayed
	and stays on the screen. Move the pointer to the control
	you want and click SELECT or MENU. The control is executed
	and the menu is dismissed. If you do not want to choose a
	control, move the pointer off the menu and click SELECT or
	MENU to dismiss the menu without choosing a control.

Using the Pushpin:

	To pin up the Window menu, move the pointer to the window
	background, press MENU, and drag the pointer to the pushpin.
	When the pin pops into the hole, release MENU. The Window
	menu becomes a pop-up window, and you choose from it in
	the same way you use controls in the control area of a
	window: click SELECT to use a button.

Changing the Default Setting:

	Each menu in a menu group has a default setting, which is
	shown by a default ring. You can change the default setting
	for any menu using the steps below:

		Press the default modifier key and MENU.
		Drag the pointer from control to control. The
			default ring follows the pointer.

When the default ring is on the control you want to use as the default,
release MENU and then release the modifier key.

If you release the modifier key first and then release MENU, in addition
to setting the default, the command is executed.
