You can move windows and icons on the workspace pressing SELECT
and dragging them, or by selecting the Move button on the Window
menu and using a combination of the keyboard and mouse to drag the
window around.

Mouse Operation Only:

	Press SELECT on the header or border of a window, or
	anywhere on an icon. When the pointer is dragged, a
	bounding box is displayed showing the outline of the
	window or icon. When the bounding box is at the place
	where you want to move the window or icon, release SELECT.

Keyboard (and Mouse) Operation:

	Enter the window manager "Move Window" mode in any of
	the following ways:

		Press MENU over the window header or border,
		or anywhere on an icon, displaying the Window menu.
		Drag the pointer to the Move button on the Window
		menu and release MENU.
	OR
		Press SELECT over the window menu button of a
		window's header, depressing the Window Menu
		Button and displaying the Window Menu. Drag the
		pointer to the Move button such that the Move
		button is depressed, and release SELECT.
	OR
		If the SelectDoesPreview feature is set to TRUE
		and the default window menu item for a window is
		the Move button on the Window menu, click SELECT
		on the Window menu button.
	OR
		If the SelectDoesPreview feature is set to FALSE,
		click SELECT on the Window menu button, and
		proceed to click SELECT on the Move button of the
		Window menu.
	OR
		Select the window or icon either by clicking SELECT
		on the window header or anywhere on the icon, or by
		traversing to the window or icon with the keyboard
		using the NEXTAPP, PREVAPP, NEXTWIN or
		PREVWIN keys. When the window is selected, it
		becomes the window where all keyboard operations
		are directed to. A selected window is evident by
		the thickened black border present around the
		window frame.

	Once selected, use the Move keyboard accelerator (default is
	Alt+F7) to activate the Window menu Move button.

	Once in "Move Window" mode, use the mouse or the arrow keys
	on the keyboard to drag a bounding box around that represents
	the window or icon. When the bounding box is at the place
	where you want to move the window or icon, either click
	SELECT, or press the DROP or DEFAULTACTION keys on
	the keyboard.

	Once started, the Move Window operation can be aborted at
	any time by pressing the CANCEL key on the keyboard. If the
	CANCEL key is pressed during the Move operation, the
	bounding box will disappear and the window will remain in
	its original position.

Move Window Mode "Timeout" Feature:

	Once in the Move Window mode as entered through the
	Window menu's Move button, if neither the keyboard nor
	the mouse are used to affect the position of the
	bounding box for an extended period of time, the
	operation will be terminated by the window manager,
	with the same action as when the user presses the
	DROP key.

Move Opaque:

	If the window manager's moveOpaque resource is set to True,
	then any Move operation done on a window or icon will result
	in the immediate change in position or that object (no bounding
	box will be drawn). All other aspects of the Move operation
	remain the same, except:

		Pressing the CANCEL key will not return the window
		or icon to its original position.

	There is no Timeout feature as when the moveOpaque resource
	is set to False.	

Moving Icons:

	When an icon is moved, the bounding box (or icon, if
	moveOpaque == TRUE) will snap to an invisible grid on the
	workspace. By default, the grid is set to 13 points. As a
	result, an icon can only be moved to a positon that is a
	multiple of 13 points in the horizontal (from the left) or
	vertical (from the top) direction.
